Refactor more language agnostic content into includes (#49651)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/sdk/includes/broker-intro.md

---
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 04/25/2025
---

> Brokered authentication collects user credentials using the system authentication broker to authenticate an app with `InteractiveBrowserCredential`. A system authentication broker is an app running on a user's machine that manages the authentication handshakes and token maintenance for all connected accounts.

Reviewer: The only language where the type name differs is Python. It uses `InteractiveBrowserBrokeredCredential`. See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/python/sdk/authentication/additional-methods#interactive-brokered-authentication.

> Brokered authentication collects user credentials using the system authentication broker to authenticate an app with `InteractiveBrowserCredential`. A system authentication broker is an app running on a user's machine that manages the authentication handshakes and token maintenance for all connected accounts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Brokered authentication collects user credentials using the system authentication broker to authenticate an app with <xref:Azure.Identity.InteractiveBrowserCredential>. A system authentication broker is an app running on a user's machine that manages the authentication handshakes and token maintenance for all connected accounts.
```

Brokered authentication offers the following benefits:

- **Enables Single Sign-On (SSO):** Enables apps to simplify how users authenticate with Microsoft Entra ID and protects Microsoft Entra ID refresh tokens from exfiltration and misuse.
- **Enhanced security:** Many security enhancements are delivered with the broker, without needing to update the app logic.
- **Enhanced feature support:** With the help of the broker, developers can access rich OS and service capabilities.

> - **System integration:** Applications that use the broker plug-and-play with the built-in account picker, allowing the user to quickly pick an existing account instead of reentering the same credentials over and over.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **System integration:** Applications that use the broker plug-and-play with the built-in account picker, allowing the user to quickly pick an existing account instead of re-entering the same credentials over and over.
```
